Installation============1. Requirements2. Install Composer3. Install Themosis framework4. Project structure1. Requirements:----------------The framework has a few system requirements before getting started:- PHP >= 5.4Otherwise the server requirements are the same as WordPress. [Check here](http://wordpress.org/about/requirements/) for default WordPress requirements.2. Install Composer-------------------The Themosis framework uses [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/) to manage its dependencies and easily loads its files. Please follow the instructions [here](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md) in order to install Composer either locally or globally on your computer.On Windows, you can use the Composer [Windows installer](https://getcomposer.org/Composer-Setup.exe).> We recommend you to install Composer globally on your system.3. Install Themosis framework-----------------------------Open your `Terminal` or `Console` and execute the following command:```bashcomposer create-project themosis/themosis my-project-name```This will create a directory called `my-project-name` on your system and automatically download the latest WordPress version along with the latest Themosis framework version and its dependencies.4. Project structure--------------------Open your `my-project-name` folder. You should find the following files and directories:- bootstrap/- config/	- environments/	- environment.php	- shared.php- htdocs/	- cms/	- content/	- index.php	- wp-config.php- library/- storage/- vendor/- .env.local.php- .env.production.php- composer.json- wp-cli.ymlThe `htdocs` folder is the **web root** directory. Because WordPress is defined as a dependency, the framework installs the latest WordPress version inside the `cms` folder.The framework also modify the default `wp-content` location. Your WordPress plugins and themes should all be installed inside the `content` directory.> Your project will have a `vendor` directory installed. This `vendor` directory is created by default by Composer. It stores package dependencies used by the Themosis framework.#### InstallationHabitually, you define your environment variables like database name, database user, authentication salts and other WordPress configurations inside the `wp-config.php` file.With the Themosis framework, those configurations are extracted from the web root and located in the parent folder, at project root. The framework allows you to define multiple environments: local, production, staging,... and to specify configuration and access per environment.> Follow the **Environment** guide and see how to **install your WordPress application** on a local and production environment/server.Next----Read the [environment setup guide](http://framework.themosis.com/docs/environment/)